At 6am my husband and I were woken up by a loud bang on the door.
As soon as my husband had opened the door, people burst in shouting, everyone on the floor.
I saw them taking my husband into the kitchen and heard them very aggressively ordering him to do something.
Then I heard some noise and I realized that he was being beaten.
My husband Felix and I were on our way back from the shopping mall
to the car park.
A jeep with tinted windows blocked our path and people with weapons jumped out shouting, on the ground, don't move.
We were thrown against the vehicle.
Felix was sent to a pretrial detention facility where he spent a year.
From the very first bang on the door I began praying to Jehovah for wisdom, calmness and for holy spirit
so that I could make the right decisions and act in the right way and for the whole day I was praying.
Jehovah answered all my prayers and I felt that he was close at my side.
Before each court hearing when I was very afraid and felt overwhelmed by emotion and couldn't calm myself down,
it was prayer that helped me to settle down.
When they took us for interrogation I started panicking and at that moment I realized that I needed to meditate on something positive.
So I thought I need to sing our songs and just one song came into my mind, he will make you strong.
It really strengthened me.
Those words about how a Jehovah gave his son for us, shows he loves us and will never leave us.
Brothers and sisters pray and tell me that they are praying for me.
It gives me the feeling that I am part of a large family.
After the interrogation he was sent home.
My husband and I continued to stick to our spiritual routine.
We continued to conduct family worship and we are always in the ministry.
Our brothers and sisters constantly support us.
They write kind words, they commend us, they send us encouraging scriptures from the Bible.
In September 2019 Felix was found guilty and sentenced to three years in a general regime colony.
When he and the other brothers arrived there they were beaten up by officers from the colony.
Felix told me that he prayed while he was being beaten.
And he noticed that at that moment he stopped feeling the pain.
While he is behind bars Felix tries to conduct family worship with me by letters.
He picks certain themes and some specific questions.
Then I do research in the publications and send back what I find.
The scripture at Isaiah 30 really strengthens me.
Where it says that your strength will be in keeping calm and showing trust.
Although I tend to worry I understood that calmness is expressed by fully trusting in Jehovah.
I have become stronger because thanks to Jehovah in a way I have developed almost a shell against the difficulties that used to scare me.
That confidence and faith help me. Jehovah was with me and he will remain close by me.
And we will be made stronger thanks to him and we will get through these trials.